23rd Dec, 2023 - The 2nd Meeting | Records below:

I. Developing Group

1. The work plan for the last week has been completed, and the dialog and history dialog recording functions have been developed and implemented. Functional test status: passed. Problems: the number of inquiries is limited to 3 times.
2. The meeting discussed the feasibility and technical program of developing personal WeChat and enterprise WeChat service version. Due to the recent more study tasks of the group members, it will not be launched for the time being. Continue to develop according to the previous program first.
3. Next week's development task: try to carry out the development of the web version or WeChat robots

II. Support Group

Discussed the working plan, including:

1. Test our software. Example: Ask questions about autism and check if it can give out the true answer, etc. Then give some feedback and advice to the developing group.
2. Search for hospitals and welfare agency. Gather information about autism, including symptoms, caregiver needs, medical programs, social service agencies, etc.

Support team members can think about what they do and how they do it, based on the above suggestions, but also based on the goals of the project. This can be done independently or in collaboration with team members or others. The specific work and workload will be determined by themselves, and they will share their work at the regular meeting next week.


Translation: Wang | **Partial translation references DeepL**