30th Dec, 2023 - The 3rd Meeting | Records below:

Participant: Zeng, Teacher Yang, Teacher Huang, Zhang, Lu, Wang, Liao, Ma, Mia

## I. Developing Group

### Done

Basically completed the front-end developing. Completed the conversation and chat history function.

### Plans

1. Members discussed plans in the future during the meeting, and decided to conduct both web and WeChat bot at the same time. Someone else may be responsible for operations and maintenance after the test is completed.
2. Established a broad path for the future: Lu & Wang are responsible for the Website and software, Zhang will develop the WeChat bot.
3. Plans for next week: Develop a HTML page for publicity. Spread the project through WeChat. Deploy the WeChat bot.
4. Modify the disclaimer on the original page was modified to: 软件内信息不构成医学专业建议，用户使用即视为接受本软件免责声明，自负责任.
5. Optimize the page for user-friendliness and some aesthetics.
6. Build a file sharing place for the group.

## II. Support Group

It was decided that Ms. Huang of the Experts Group would be in charge of the work of the team, and that she would now be responsible for the development of the norms of work. The work details of the group below:

### Done

1. Teacher Yang went to the specialist's office in Tongji Hospital and communicated with the patient's family members to understand the psychological feelings of the patient's family members, the difficulties in taking care of the patient, the government's subsidy policy for rehabilitation treatment, and the existing rehabilitation institutions and programs. Suggestions:
    1. At the stage of detecting symptoms and confirming the diagnosis through examination, families need to obtain a lot of information about the disease, and recent software development can be considered to fulfill this need.
    2. Communicate with the patient's family in an understanding and caring manner to find out their pain points and needs so as to do a better job.
2. to understand the situation of a patient's family. The parents recognized their child's symptoms in time and did early examination and diagnosis. They did not participate in the rehabilitation training of the rehabilitation organization, but the parents communicated with their children regularly every day, and the children's situation has improved.
Specific phenomenon of improvement: Before, the child was really introverted, but now he can play with children of the same age.

### Plans

1. Build a file sharing place for the group.
2. Support Group personnel may build on the work of the current week for further information. The specific work and workload will be decided by themselves, and they will share their work in the regular meeting next week.
3. Mia has collected information on foreign autism organizations as reference for the next step of work.


Translate: Wang | **Partial translation references DeepL**
